ESGE, A CROSSPLATFORM 2D GAME ENGINE FOR EMBEDDED SYSTEMS

This game engine consists of abstract classes following a
template pattern. These classes need to be implemented to
represent game objects, giving to them diverse functionalities.
Furthermore, an API is included for resource management, like
files, scenes, sprite sheets, animations, sounds, and music. Has a
scene editor to allow the creation and modification of scenes,
along with their respective objects. Ultimately, the engine
culminates in generating the game's executable, which implements
its main loop.


BUILDING SCENE EDITOR AND GAME EXECUTABLES FROM THE TECH DEMO:

First of all, it is necessary to install the SDL library. To do this,
if you are on a Linux system with apt, just run the following
command:

sudo apt-get install libsdl2-dev

If not, you can compile by yourself SDL by following the the guide
found in its repository (https://github.com/libsdl-org/SDL).

After that, the next step is to compile the two static libraries of
the game engine using the "Make" tool in the "build" folder of the
project.

Finally, being in the "test/demo0" directory, "Make" must be used
again to obtain the "editor" and "game" executables.

TEST SCENE EDITOR AND GAME EXECUTABLES FROM THE TECH DEMO:

To test the tech demo game, just run "game" in the "test/demo0"
directory. in the "test/demo0" directory.

In the game you can perform the following actions by pressing the
corresponding key:
-To start the game, "enter".
-To exit, "esc".
-To move, aim and morph into a ball, the directional keys.
-To jump, "space".
-To shoot, "ctrl".
-To save, "S".
-To load, "L".

To test the scene editor of the technical demo, you will need to
run "editor" in the directory "test/demo0" as follows:

./editor room0.bin room1.bin room2.bin

After that, the three given scenes will be opened in the editor.

In the editor window, you can move through the scenes by using the the
directional keys or by holding down the "space" key and dragging
dragging with the mouse. You can also zoom in and out with the "+"
and "-" keys.

In the terminal, put the folowing command to add an object enemy to
the last activated escene:

add ObjSpawnerEnemy col 70 row 1

Save it in the scene file with the command:

save

Close the editor with the comman:

quit

For more information about the possible commands, put the next
comand:

help
